Hi, would you like to come to my birthday party?
Yes, I'd love to. When is it?
This Saturday at my house. Okay, I always like birthday parties.
Great! What do you usually do at a Chinese birthday party?
At the birthday dinner, we eat noodles and we eat birthday cake too.
But my mother never makes a birthday cake. She usually buys a special one and I cut it at the party.
And we sometimes give birthday cards.
Do you usually sing Happy Birthday? Yes, we always sing Happy Birthday.
Do you sing it in Chinese or in English? We sing it in Chinese and English.
Do you get birthday presents in China? Sometimes, Daming always gets birthday presents.
So, what would you like for your birthday, Daming? It's a secret!